Unified SUSE Manager and Uyuni Proxy registration (#1520)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/uyuni-proxy-registration.adoc

. Bootstrap the client using the script.
    For more information, see xref:client-configuration:registration-bootstrap.adoc[].
. Navigate to menu:Salt[Keys] and accept the key.
    When the key is accepted, the new proxy will show in menu:Systems[Overview] in the [guimenu]``Recently Registered Systems`` section.

> . Alternatively, in the SUSE Manager Web UI, navigate to menu:System[Bootstrapping].

Author: ```suggestion
. Alternatively, in the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:System[Bootstrapping].
```
